MUMT301-2021 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?
i do not
2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)?
Mac OS
3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices?
I have an Iphone. ios
4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?
Instagram and Facebook. Keeps me in the loop about events and allows me to share my work.
5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP: HYPERTEXT TRANSFER PROTOCOL
    REST: REPRESENTATIONAL STATE TRANSFER    
    API: APPLICATION PROGRAMMING INTERFACE

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have?
I sing and mainly play guitar but have experience in other stringed instruments like the bass and ukulele. I've been song writing for over 7 years now 
7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?
I cannot.
8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?
I've restarted my spotify account so I am at a much lower number than i once was at. But probably around 700 songs. 
9. How do you search and find new music? How do you think this affects the types of artists that you end up listening to?
Listening to different curated playlists or chosing random albums at vinyl shops. I try maintaining an eclectic music taste but lately i've been kind of discovering pop. 
10. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
Erykah Badu. I like her style because i'm into soul and neosoul and her vocals are uniwue and identifiable. I also like an artist called skirts right now. Her style reminds me of road trips. 
